Adding new topic to FAQ about ChunkLoadError (#7011)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/troubleshooting.md

ENV === 'production' ? writeKey = 'A' : writeKey = 'B';
```

> ## How to Resolve 'Failed to Load Analytics.js ChunkLoadError'
> 
> This error can occur for a few reasons:
> 
> 1. Snippet Syntax: Ensure the Segment snippet is correctly added to the page. Check for any missing or extra characters. Please follow our guide [here](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2-install-segment-to-your-site).
> 
> 2. NPM Package: If using Segment via NPM, refer to this [guide](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2b-install-segment-as-a-npm-package).
> 
> 3. Browser Cache: Try clearing the browser cache, as this is a common cause for ChunkLoadError.
> 
> 4. Cloudflare Caching: If you're using Cloudflare to proxy Segment, please disable caching for the Segment JS file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I resolve the 'Failed to Load Analytics.js ChunkLoadError'?

The error can occur for different reasons:

* Snippet syntax: Ensure you correctly added the Segment snippet to the page. Check for any missing or extra characters. Follow [this guide](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2-install-segment-to-your-site).

* NPM package: If you're using Segment through NPM, refer to [this guide](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2b-install-segment-as-a-npm-package).

* Browser cache: Clear the browser cache, as this is a common cause for `ChunkLoadError`.

* Cloudflare caching: If you use Cloudflare to proxy Segment, disable caching for the Segment JS file.
```
